Automatically create policy - link change (#25404)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/automatic-software-install-in-fleet.md

## Templates for policy queries

> Use the following policy templates to see if the software is already installed. Fleet uses these templates to automatically install software.

Reviewer: ```
Fleet uses these templates to automatically install software.
```

@mostlikelee can you please sanity check us here? Are these the policy templates Fleet uses to auto generate policies?

> Following are some templates for the policy SQL queries for each package type. These templates are used when Fleet creates policies to automatically install software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following policy templates to see if the software is already installed. Fleet uses these templates to automatically install software.
```

Language tweak to guide the user to use the templates.
